If you are interested in building web sites or web applications the first step is learning two languages
named H TNL and C.
Now there are countless resources on the Internet to learn these languages and I'll let you in on a
secret.
These languages are not rocket science.
From a technology perspective virtually anyone can learn and even teach these languages but memorizing
the technical specifications of a language isn't going to make you a talented designer or developer
.
Nor will it make you attractive to potential employers.
So yes this course will teach you HTML 5 and CSSA three from the ground up from square one with zero
experience required.
But that's almost not important because there's a million places where you can quote learn those languages
.
The true strength of this course is that it will immerse you in real world modern best practices.
These languages are not difficult to learn but the INS the outs the tips the tricks the do's and don'ts
.
Understanding the modern browser landscape.
Those things take time.
I'm here to accelerate the process for you.
I want you to be able to think code create and speak just like the designers of your favorite web experiences
.
So in this course we will create web pages using well-structured semantic h T.M. L5 code.
We will learn how to add media to pages so this means images audio video we will learn how to adapt
our pages for different device sizes.
This is commonly referred to as responsive web design.
We will learn how to add C Ss 3 effects transitions and animations to our pages.
We will learn the basics of SAAS the world's most popular CSSA extension language and we will learn
how to support older web browsers without limiting the experience of the world's newest web browsers
.
So there is a lot to learn and if you're ready to launch a new career.
I would love to have you come along for the journey.